# Web Components for TEI Publisher

**WORK IN PROGRESS**

This repository contains the web components used by TEI Publisher and apps generated by it. It will be the basis for the next iteration of TEI Publisher. While TEI Publisher 5 used Polymer as the framework for webcomponents, components in this repository use the LitElement library, which adds only a thin layer on top of native web components.

Distributing the components in a separate package has several benefits:

* generated apps can depend on a specific version of the components without getting into conflict with other apps
* the components can be embedded into any environment, e.g. a CMS or blog software, as long as they can communicate with a TEI Publisher instance running somewhere else

## Quick Start

Clone the repository, call `npm install` once and run `npm start`. This creates a simple webserver which you can access in a browser to see the documentation and demos.

All components talk to an endpoint, which will either be a TEI Publisher instance or an application generated from TEI Publisher. Docs and demos in this repo currently expect the endpoint to be available on `http://localhost:8080/exist`.

For the full functionality, please install the `litelement` branch of TEI Publisher. Using the master branch some demos will not work correctly.

## Building

Run `npm run build:production` to generate a single `bundle.js` containing all components and their dependencies.

## Development

For development, run `npm start` as described above. It will watch for file changes.

Every component should have a demo to show its functionality.s